README.md, before:

# Akta Cleaning Supplies

view live project here



# Introduction

This website was designed for AKTA Cleaning Supplies. The purpose of the website is to be a point of contact for customers and also to find relevant information about the company.

AKTA Cleaning Supplies is a Dublin based company in the Parkwest Industrial Estate, focused mainly on cleaning supplies. 

AKTA was established in 1986 and has been run as a family enterprise since its inception, they supply a wide range of the leading cleaning chemicals & detergents, paper products, refuse sacks & bin liners, soaps, gloves, cleaning equipment and many more products to every sector of business across Ireland.

AKTA are currently a leader in supplying cleaning products to the largest chains of childcare groups in Ireland and provide a comprehensive range of products at very competitive prices and we also have built up a strong reputation with our current customers through our pricing and excellent product knowledge and delivery service. 

This is the first of four Milestone Projects that the developer must complete during their Full Stack Web Development Program at The Code Institute.

The main requirements were to make a responsive and static website with a minimum of three pages using primarily HTML5 and CSS3.



# Ideal User Demographic 
The ideal user demographic would be the hospitality industry, the fitness industry and education to name a few.

These customers for example would require a high volume of cleaning on a regular bases and with that comes the need for a high volume of cleaing supplies and materials. 


# Wireframe
Wireframes were created using figma.com workspace, which provided an excellant user experience.


 ![image of wireframe]
 (https://crimson-puma-nbyzz3f4.ws-eu13.gitpod.io/images/figma1.png)


# Development

# features

## design features 

Each page of the site features a consitent Logo, Footer & Navigation system

* the header contains a logo which is placed in the centre of the page (when clicked brings you back to the homepage), underneath this a nav bar is available with four clickable sections, when hovered over they change color and the active page is shown with a solid color surrounding its text.

### home page 
the home page contains a background image with a text overlay, some customer review text and a contact button.

on smaller screens the text overlay and contact button is removed.

* ## Background image
spreads out over 100% of the page width, the text overlay has a light blue background and on far right of page there is a call button with a white border surrounding it, when clicked this brings us to the contact page.

### products page

### about us page

### contact page

# Testing

My testing for the project consisted of alot of trial and error, what i would do is try to do different things and see how they worked, i would go back to the course work to specific sections relating to the code I was writing for the project, I would try little bits of code in the coders coffeehouse code window and also redo some challenges with the code i was using for the project, commenting sections of code in and out was also very helpful to pinpoint certains errors or anything i wasnt happy with.

A key test I undertook was suggested by my mentor at the midway point of the project, we talked through certain areas and inspected the code and was suggested to me i should look at flexboxfroggy.com, this was key because it showed me an easy way to space out the images i was applying to the products section.

Flexbox froggy had 24 mini challenges to run through which explained how to apply the code and where it does and doesnt work which I found extremly helpful and has been of huge benefit to me. 

I went back through the love running section of the course and looked through the videos and was coding along with them again trying different things out to see if it would fit or not which I found very helpful.




# Technologies Used

## Main Languages Used

* HTML5
* CSS

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

* Font Awesome

* Figma

* Flexbox Froggy

# issues and bugs

### google maps 
* A bug where when the link for the location of Akta Cleaning Supplies wouldnt load in the page when applied, i tried the iframe used in the coders coffeehouse and this worked perfect, with abit of trial and error this was resolved.

### navigation bar
issue where how i had it set up with using margin the nav bar wasnt very responsive, i changed this by using flex which then brought up another issue relating to padding.

i had padding around each option which pushed the writing down so the names of the sections were not in line with eachother, i rectified this by changing the padding and the margins used. 

# credits

https://www.w3schools.com/

youtube.com

http://flexboxfroggy.com/

Commit message:

add spacing to footer, more responsive now, aligned text also,

README.md, after:

# Akta Cleaning Supplies

view live project here



# Introduction

This website was designed for AKTA Cleaning Supplies. The purpose of the website is to be a point of contact for customers and also to find relevant information about the company.

AKTA Cleaning Supplies is a Dublin based company in the Parkwest Industrial Estate, focused mainly on cleaning supplies. 

AKTA was established in 1986 and has been run as a family enterprise since its inception, they supply a wide range of the leading cleaning chemicals & detergents, paper products, refuse sacks & bin liners, soaps, gloves, cleaning equipment and many more products to every sector of business across Ireland.

AKTA are currently a leader in supplying cleaning products to the largest chains of childcare groups in Ireland and provide a comprehensive range of products at very competitive prices and we also have built up a strong reputation with our current customers through our pricing and excellent product knowledge and delivery service. 

This is the first of four Milestone Projects that the developer must complete during their Full Stack Web Development Program at The Code Institute.

The main requirements were to make a responsive and static website with a minimum of three pages using primarily HTML5 and CSS3.



# Ideal User Demographic 
The ideal user demographic would be the hospitality industry, the fitness industry and education to name a few.

These customers for example would require a high volume of cleaning on a regular bases and with that comes the need for a high volume of cleaing supplies and materials. 


# Wireframe
Wireframes were created using figma.com workspace, which provided an excellant user experience.


 ![image of wireframe]
 (https://crimson-puma-nbyzz3f4.ws-eu13.gitpod.io/images/figma1.png)


# Development

# features

## design features 

Each page of the site features a consitent Logo, Footer & Navigation system

* the header contains a logo which is placed in the centre of the page (when clicked brings you back to the homepage), underneath this a nav bar is available with four clickable sections, when hovered over they change color and the active page is shown with a solid color surrounding its text.

### home page 
the home page contains a background image with a text overlay, some customer review text and a contact button.

on smaller screens the text overlay and contact button is removed.

* ## Background image
spreads out over 100% of the page width, the text overlay has a light blue background and on far right of page there is a call button with a white border surrounding it, when clicked this brings us to the contact page.

### products page

### about us page

### contact page

# Testing

My testing for the project consisted of alot of trial and error, what i would do is try to do different things and see how they worked, i would go back to the course work to specific sections relating to the code I was writing for the project, I would try little bits of code in the coders coffeehouse code window and also redo some challenges with the code i was using for the project, commenting sections of code in and out was also very helpful to pinpoint certains errors or anything i wasnt happy with.

A key test I undertook was suggested by my mentor at the midway point of the project, we talked through certain areas and inspected the code and was suggested to me i should look at flexboxfroggy.com, this was key because it showed me an easy way to space out the images i was applying to the products section.

Flexbox froggy had 24 mini challenges to run through which explained how to apply the code and where it does and doesnt work which I found extremly helpful and has been of huge benefit to me. it was of huge benefit when making the nav bar far more responsive, when i would inspect the page to see the point of where the site would become distorted the first thing to change was the nav bar because i had it set out on margin at first, but with flexfroggy i came to realise i can do this a different way.

I went back through the love running section of the course and looked through the videos and was coding along with them again trying different things out to see if it would fit or not which I found very helpful.




# Technologies Used

## Main Languages Used

* HTML5
* CSS

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

* Font Awesome

* Figma

* Flexbox Froggy

# issues and bugs

### Google Maps 
* A bug where when the link for the location of Akta Cleaning Supplies wouldnt load in the page when applied, i tried the iframe used in the coders coffeehouse and this worked perfect, with abit of trial and error this was resolved.

### Navigation Bar
issue where how i had it set up with using margin the nav bar wasnt very responsive, i changed this by using flex which then brought up another issue relating to padding.

i had padding around each option which pushed the writing down so the names of the sections were not in line with eachother, i rectified this by changing the padding and the margins used. 

this has made the the page that is active have a more minmal color around its name and also when hovered over it is more neat, this is to counteract the words beings out of line which adding in display: flex; has caused

### Footer 
same issue asabove, footer was not responsive, when screensize would change text would bcome very distorted and change position, 

having a constant issue of text aligning when lined up to the left if looks distorted e.g <br>

Monday 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
<br>
Tuesday 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
Wednesday 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
Thursday 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
Friday 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM

when lined up to the right it looks uneven e.g 
  Monday     08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
  Tuesday    08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
 Wednesday   08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
 Thursday    08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
   Friday    08:00 AM - 05:00 PM

# credits

https://www.w3schools.com/

youtube.com

http://flexboxfroggy.com/
